{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 # ML-Roadmap-for-2022\par
A curated list of Machine learning videos, links, projects and datasets to help you conquer the ML landscape in 6 months\par
\par
## Levels of Learning\par
1. ### Testing the waters\par
2. ### Gaining Conceptual depth\par
3. ### Learning Practical Concepts\par
4. ### Diving into different domains\par
5. ### Pushing it with Projects\par
\par
\par
## 1. Testing the waters (Est. time 6-8 Weeks)\par
\par
The goal of this level is to get you familiar with the ML universe. You will learn a bit of everything.\par
\par
1. #### Learn Python (Est. time - 2 weeks)\par
        1. Basics of Python - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKnIA16_Rmvb1RYR-iTA_hzckhdONtSW4 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKnIA16_Rmvb1RYR-iTA_hzckhdONtSW4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. OOP in Python\par
           - Lecture 1 - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1s869EfxoDo }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1s869EfxoDo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
           - Lecture 2 - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8To-A6VPL90 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8To-A6VPL90\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        3. Advance Topics\par
           - File Handling - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixEeeNjjOJ0 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixEeeNjjOJ0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
           - Exception Handling - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIWwJbo-9_8 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIWwJbo-9_8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
           - Regular Expressions - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8L6KVGG-7o }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8L6KVGG-7o\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
           - Functional Programming - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvK_GErE2nM }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvK_GErE2nM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
           - Basics of Flask - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swHI1H7DVsQ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swHI1H7DVsQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        4. Practice Problems - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E_xCNijOWZ4Bm7r7DVj-1OA-oUopEFmv4tRm0YNuFWQ/edit?usp=sharing }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E_xCNijOWZ4Bm7r7DVj-1OA-oUopEFmv4tRm0YNuFWQ/edit?usp=sharing\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
2. #### Learn Numpy (Est. time 3 Days)\par
        1. Numpy Playlist - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpPLLp3snK4&list=PLKnIA16_Rmvb-ToL3RQ_bwxG4_ND-0-DT }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpPLLp3snK4&list=PLKnIA16_Rmvb-ToL3RQ_bwxG4_ND-0-DT\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. Numpy Practice Problems - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/rougier/numpy-100 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/rougier/numpy-100\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
3. #### Learn Pandas (Est. time 4 Days)\par
        1. Pandas Playlist - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kq9Vmg5d7Sk&list=PLKnIA16_RmvbR85fgbfVRKOiMokUKVupy }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kq9Vmg5d7Sk&list=PLKnIA16_RmvbR85fgbfVRKOiMokUKVupy\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. Pandas Problems - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ajcr/100-pandas-puzzles }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ajcr/100-pandas-puzzles\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
4. #### Learn Data Visualization (Est. time 1 Week)\par
        1. Matplotlib - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-osiE80TeTvipOqomVEeZ1HRrcEvtZB_ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-osiE80TeTvipOqomVEeZ1HRrcEvtZB_\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. Seaborn - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKnIA16_RmvbB1bFGjvS6a8T0mnqawejo }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKnIA16_RmvbB1bFGjvS6a8T0mnqawejo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
5. #### Descriptive Statistics (Est. time 4 Days)\par
        1. Statistics Playlist - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPhzDKjQBpo&list=PLKnIA16_RmvbVrE0eZO2bCaFln6jaNq-1 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPhzDKjQBpo&list=PLKnIA16_RmvbVrE0eZO2bCaFln6jaNq-1\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
6. #### Learn Data Analysis Process (Est. time 1 week)\par
        1. Playlist - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhacwtUR0SU&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZAqJzKstVHywcRNMn6pcGD }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhacwtUR0SU&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZAqJzKstVHywcRNMn6pcGD\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
7. #### Learn Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) (Est. time 1 Week)\par
       1. Understanding your data - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJlRTUuVr04 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJlRTUuVr04\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       2. Univariate Analysis - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HyTlbHUKSw }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HyTlbHUKSw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       3. Bivariate and Multivariate Analysis - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6D3VtEfCw7w }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6D3VtEfCw7w\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       4. Pandas Profiling - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E69Lg2ZgOxg }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E69Lg2ZgOxg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       5. EDA on House Prices Dataset - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kaggle.com/pmarcelino/comprehensive-data-exploration-with-python }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kaggle.com/pmarcelino/comprehensive-data-exploration-with-python\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       6. EDA on Titanic Dataset - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kaggle.com/startupsci/titanic-data-science-solutions }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kaggle.com/startupsci/titanic-data-science-solutions\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       7. EDA on Haberman's Survival Dataset - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kaggle.com/gokulkarthik/haberman-s-survival-exploratory-data-analysis }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kaggle.com/gokulkarthik/haberman-s-survival-exploratory-data-analysis\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       8. EDA on Heart Disease Dataset - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kaggle.com/kralmachine/analyzing-the-heart-disease }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kaggle.com/kralmachine/analyzing-the-heart-disease\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       9. EDA on IPL Dataset - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kaggle.com/ash316/let-s-play-cricket }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kaggle.com/ash316/let-s-play-cricket\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       10. EDA on Wine Review Dataset - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kaggle.com/kabure/wine-review-s-eda-recommend-systems }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kaggle.com/kabure/wine-review-s-eda-recommend-systems\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       11. EDA on PIMA Diabetes Dataset - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kaggle.com/shrutimechlearn/step-by-step-diabetes-classification-knn-detailed }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kaggle.com/shrutimechlearn/step-by-step-diabetes-classification-knn-detailed\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       12. EDA on Breast Cancer Dataset - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kaggle.com/kanncaa1/statistical-learning-tutorial-for-beginners }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kaggle.com/kanncaa1/statistical-learning-tutorial-for-beginners\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       13. EDA on Olympics Dataset - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nQXhusiu7s }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nQXhusiu7s\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       14. EDA on Covid Data - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ll0aZVNnOP8 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ll0aZVNnOP8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
       15. WhatsApp Chat Analysis Project - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0QwvZKG_6Q }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0QwvZKG_6Q\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
8. #### Learn Machine Learning Basics (Est. time 1 Week)\par
        1. What is Machine Learning? {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZftI2fEz0Fw }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZftI2fEz0Fw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. AI vs ML vs DL {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1v3_AQ26jZ0 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1v3_AQ26jZ0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        3. Types of Machine Learning - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81ymPYEtFOw }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81ymPYEtFOw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        4. Batch Machine Learning - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPrhFxEuTYU }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPrhFxEuTYU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        5. Online Machine Learning - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oOipgCbLIk }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oOipgCbLIk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        6. Instance based vs Model based learning - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntAOq1ioTKo }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntAOq1ioTKo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        7. Challenges in Machine Learning - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGUNAJki2S4 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGUNAJki2S4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        8. Applications of Machine Learning - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZio8TcTMrI }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZio8TcTMrI\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        9. Machine Learning Development Lifecycle - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDbhQGz_rEo }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDbhQGz_rEo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        10. Data Engineer V Data Analyst V Data Scientist V ML Engineer - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93rKZs0MkgU }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93rKZs0MkgU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        11. How to frame a Machine Learning problem? - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9SezQlvakw }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9SezQlvakw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        12. Installing and using software for data science - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82P5N2m41jE }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82P5N2m41jE\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        13. How to work with CSV files? - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_XrmKlaGTs }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_XrmKlaGTs\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        14. Working with JSON and SQL data - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFwRC-fapIU }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFwRC-fapIU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        15. Building an End to End Machine Learning Project - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dr7z7a_8lQw }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dr7z7a_8lQw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
## 2. Gaining Conceptual depth (Est. time 6-8 Weeks)\par
\par
The goal of this level is to learn the core machine learning concepts and algorithms\par
\par
1. #### Learn about tensors (Est. time - 1 Day)\par
        1. What are Tensors? - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVhD2EyS41Y }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVhD2EyS41Y\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
2. #### Advance Statistics\par
        1. Covariance\par
        2. Pearson Correlation Coefficient\par
        3. QQ Plot\par
        4. Confidence Interval\par
        5. Hypothesis Testing\par
        6. Chisquare Test, Anova Test\par
        7. Playlist link - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtaqvPAeEJY&list=PLKnIA16_Rmvbe9wDJGXc28KKr6lp5Jn2g }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtaqvPAeEJY&list=PLKnIA16_Rmvbe9wDJGXc28KKr6lp5Jn2g\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  \par
3. #### Probability Basics\par
        1. Conditional Probability\par
        2. Independent Events\par
        3. Bayes Theorem\par
        4. Uniform Distribution\par
        5. Binomial Distribution\par
        6. Bernaulli Distribution\par
        7. Poission Distribution\par
        8. Playlist Link - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ty7knppVo9E&list=PLKnIA16_RmvYNbPMB6ofVLRCcTPUAftdY }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ty7knppVo9E&list=PLKnIA16_RmvYNbPMB6ofVLRCcTPUAftdY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
5. #### Linear Algebra Basics\par
        1. Representing Tabular Data\par
        2. Vectors\par
        3. Matrices\par
        4. Matrix Multiplication\par
        5. Dot Product\par
        6. Equation of line in N-dim\par
        7. Eigen Vector and Eigen Values\par
        8. Playlist Link - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9h-ZZ_ahRg&list=PLKnIA16_RmvYu0fS_RuIB2eTbJcTFdrAA }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9h-ZZ_ahRg&list=PLKnIA16_RmvYu0fS_RuIB2eTbJcTFdrAA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
7. #### Basics of Calculus\par
        1. Big Picture of Derivatives\par
        2. Maxima and Minima\par
        3. Playlist link - (first 4 videos only) {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBE9407EA64E2C318 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBE9407EA64E2C318\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
9. #### Machine Learning Algorithms\par
        1. Linear Regression - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZPfbG0jNec&list=PLKnIA16_Rmva-wY_HBh1gTH32ocu2SoTr }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZPfbG0jNec&list=PLKnIA16_Rmva-wY_HBh1gTH32ocu2SoTr\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. Gradient Descent - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORyfPJypKuU&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZvBbJex7T84XYRmor3IPK1 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORyfPJypKuU&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZvBbJex7T84XYRmor3IPK1\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        3. Logistic Regression - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNXzVfItWGY&list=PLKnIA16_Rmvb-ZTsM1QS-tlwmlkeGSnru }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNXzVfItWGY&list=PLKnIA16_Rmvb-ZTsM1QS-tlwmlkeGSnru\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        4. Support Vector Machines - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugTxMLjLS8M&list=PLKnIA16_RmvbOIFee-ra7U6jR2oIbCZBL }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugTxMLjLS8M&list=PLKnIA16_RmvbOIFee-ra7U6jR2oIbCZBL\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        5. Naive Bayes - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ty7knppVo9E&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZ67wQaHoBuzXaDAfPz-a6l }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ty7knppVo9E&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZ67wQaHoBuzXaDAfPz-a6l\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        6. K Nearest Neighbors - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYaoDZM1IcU&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZiE-lEdN5RDi18-u-T43zd }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYaoDZM1IcU&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZiE-lEdN5RDi18-u-T43zd\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        7. Decision Trees - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwgmSSTdiXs&list=PLKnIA16_RmvYGY_n9PP8zN-0LG9MoZRjU }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwgmSSTdiXs&list=PLKnIA16_RmvYGY_n9PP8zN-0LG9MoZRjU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        8. Random Forest - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHK1fE_BUms&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZyqP3WGUo7iVziIIea_1bp }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHK1fE_BUms&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZyqP3WGUo7iVziIIea_1bp\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        9. Bagging - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUiBOAy7x6Y&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZ7iKIcJrLjUoFDEeSejRpn }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUiBOAy7x6Y&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZ7iKIcJrLjUoFDEeSejRpn\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        10. Adaboost - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFKnP0iP0K0&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZxriy68dPZhorB8LXP1PY6 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFKnP0iP0K0&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZxriy68dPZhorB8LXP1PY6\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        11. Gradient Boosting - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbKz7N92mhQ&list=PLKnIA16_RmvaMPgWfHnN4MXl3qQ1597Jw }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbKz7N92mhQ&list=PLKnIA16_RmvaMPgWfHnN4MXl3qQ1597Jw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        12. Xgboost - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTLB-ppqBZc&list=PLKnIA16_RmvbXJbBW4zCy4Xbr81GRyaC4 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTLB-ppqBZc&list=PLKnIA16_RmvbXJbBW4zCy4Xbr81GRyaC4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        13. Principle Component Analysis (PCA) - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToGuhynu-No&list=PLKnIA16_RmvYHW62E_lGQa0EFsph2NquD }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToGuhynu-No&list=PLKnIA16_RmvYHW62E_lGQa0EFsph2NquD\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        14. KMeans Clustering - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5shTLzwAdEc&list=PLKnIA16_RmvbA_hYXlRgdCg9bn8ZQK2z9 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5shTLzwAdEc&list=PLKnIA16_RmvbA_hYXlRgdCg9bn8ZQK2z9\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        15. Heirarchical Clustering - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka5i9TVUT-E }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka5i9TVUT-E\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        16. DBSCAN - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDZUdRSDOok }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDZUdRSDOok\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        17. T-sne - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEaUSP4YerM }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEaUSP4YerM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  and {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://distill.pub/2016/misread-tsne/ }}{\fldrslt{https://distill.pub/2016/misread-tsne/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
10. #### Machine Learning Metrics - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti7c-Hz7GSM&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZJGOqRjqhOhTEmQW3vDdbQ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti7c-Hz7GSM&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZJGOqRjqhOhTEmQW3vDdbQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
11. #### Bias Variance Tradeoff - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74DU02Fyrhk }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74DU02Fyrhk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
12. #### Regularization - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEow1QoTLo0&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZuSEZ24Wlm13QpsfLlJBM4 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEow1QoTLo0&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZuSEZ24Wlm13QpsfLlJBM4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
13. #### Cross-Validation - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5NkE-xgx98 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5NkE-xgx98\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
## 3. Learn Practical Concepts (Est. time 6-8 Weeks)\par
\par
The goal of this level is to get you introduced to the practical side of machine learning. What you learn at this level would really help you out there in the wild.\par
\par
1. #### Data Acquisition (Est. time - 2 Days)\par
        1. Web Scraping - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NOdgjC1988 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NOdgjC1988\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
                * Project - Create a Pandas dataframe of Indian cuisines from some website using web scraping.\par
        2. Fetch data from API - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roTZJaxjnJc }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roTZJaxjnJc\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
                * Project - Create a Pandas dataframe of movies from TMDB API.\par
3. #### Working with missing values (Est. time - 3 Days)\par
        1. Complete Case Analysis - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUnNWZorGmk }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUnNWZorGmk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. Handling missing numerical data - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCL2xLBDw8M }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCL2xLBDw8M\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        3. Handling missing categorical data - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_Wip8bEDFQ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_Wip8bEDFQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        4. Missing indicator - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ratcir3p03w }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ratcir3p03w\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        5. KNN Imputer - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fK-xEev2I8 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fK-xEev2I8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        6. MICE - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a38ehxv3kyk }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a38ehxv3kyk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        7. Kaggle Notebooks and Practice Datasets - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_9Y6kxNc6QTym2Y2JGEBbnCUbE1qZWLVzVXlT2eX_FQ/edit?usp=sharing }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_9Y6kxNc6QTym2Y2JGEBbnCUbE1qZWLVzVXlT2eX_FQ/edit?usp=sharing\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
5. #### Feature Scaling/Normalization (Est. time - 2 Days)\par
        1. Standarization - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Yw9sC0PNwY }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Yw9sC0PNwY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. Normalization - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBrGyuA2MIg }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBrGyuA2MIg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
7. #### Feature Encoding Techniques (Est. time - 2 Days)\par
        1. Ordinal Enconding and Label Encoding - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2GglmYHfmM }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2GglmYHfmM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. One Hot Encoding - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5oCv3JKWKA }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5oCv3JKWKA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        3. Encoding high cardinality categorical features - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kaggle.com/general/16927 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kaggle.com/general/16927\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        4. Feature hashing - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://datasciencestunt.com/dealing-with-categorical-features-with-high-cardinality-feature-hashing/ }}{\fldrslt{https://datasciencestunt.com/dealing-with-categorical-features-with-high-cardinality-feature-hashing/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
9. #### Feature Transformation(Est. time - 2 Days)\par
        1. Log Transform - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTjj3LE8E90 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTjj3LE8E90\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. Box Cox Transform - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV_Z4HbNAx0 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV_Z4HbNAx0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        3. Yeo Johnson Transform - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV_Z4HbNAx0 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV_Z4HbNAx0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        4. Discretization - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKWsJGKcMvo }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKWsJGKcMvo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
11. #### Working with Pipelines(Est. time - 2 Days)\par
        1. Column Transformer - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TVj6iEBR4I }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TVj6iEBR4I\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. Sklearn Pipelines - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOccYkgRV4Q }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOccYkgRV4Q\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
13. #### Handing Time and Date data(Est. time - 1 Day)\par
        1. Working with time and date data - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J73mvgG9fFs }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J73mvgG9fFs\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
15. #### Working with Outliers (Est. time - 3 Days)\par
        1. What are Outliers? - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lln1PKgGr_M }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lln1PKgGr_M\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. Outlier detection and removal using Z-score method - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnPE-Z8jtqM }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnPE-Z8jtqM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        3. Outlier detection and removal using IQR method - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ccv1-W5ilak }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ccv1-W5ilak\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        4. Percentile method - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcXA4CqRXvM }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcXA4CqRXvM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
17. #### Feature Construction (Est. time - 1 Day)\par
        1. Feature Construction - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma-h30PoFms }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma-h30PoFms\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
19. #### Feature Selection (Est. time - 3 Days)\par
         1. Feature selection using SelectKBest and Recursive Feature Elimination - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlHk4okO8Ls&t=1s }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlHk4okO8Ls&t=1s\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         2. Chi-squared Feature Selection - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMIwIKLGke0 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMIwIKLGke0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         3. Backward Feature Elimination - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zW1SvA0Z-l4&t=2s }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zW1SvA0Z-l4&t=2s\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         4. Dropping features using Pearson correlation coefficient - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FndwYNcVe0U }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FndwYNcVe0U\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         5. Feature Importance using Random Forest - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R47JAob1xBY }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R47JAob1xBY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         6. Feature Selection Advise - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaKMeAlHgqQ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaKMeAlHgqQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
21. #### Cross Validation (Est. time - 2 Days)\par
         1. What is cross-validation? - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSytzGwwBVw }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSytzGwwBVw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         2. Holdout Method - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NnI3SBuww4 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NnI3SBuww4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         3. K-Fold Cross Validation - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJo0uNL-5Qw }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJo0uNL-5Qw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         4. Leave 1 Out Cross Validation - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxqcHWQKkdA }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxqcHWQKkdA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         5. Time series cross validation - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9iO2AwTXyI }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9iO2AwTXyI\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
23. #### Modelling - Stacking and Blending (Est. time - 1 Week)\par
         1. Stacking - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-aDHBGMqXA }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-aDHBGMqXA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         2. Blending - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuIgtitqJho }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuIgtitqJho\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         3. LightGBM - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_ZMQj09S6w }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_ZMQj09S6w\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         4. CatBoost - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8o0e-r0B5xQ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8o0e-r0B5xQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
24. #### Model Tuning (Est. time - 4 Days)\par
         1. GridSearchCV - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Im0CT43QxY }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Im0CT43QxY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         2. RandomSearchCV - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5dH5mOQ_ik }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5dH5mOQ_ik\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         3. Hyperparameter Tuning - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=355u2bDqB7c }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=355u2bDqB7c\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
27. #### Working with imbalanced data (Est. time - 3 Days)\par
         1. How to handle imbalanced data - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnlM4yLFNuo }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnlM4yLFNuo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         2. Kaggle Notebook - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kaggle.com/kabure/credit-card-fraud-prediction-rf-smote }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kaggle.com/kabure/credit-card-fraud-prediction-rf-smote\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         3. SMOTE on Quora Dataset - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kaggle.com/theoviel/dealing-with-class-imbalance-with-smote }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kaggle.com/theoviel/dealing-with-class-imbalance-with-smote\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
28. #### Handling Multicollinearity(Est. time - 2 Days)\par
         1. What is multicollinearity? - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekuD8JUdL6M }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekuD8JUdL6M\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         2. Practical Example - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATH4urDitI8 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATH4urDitI8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         3. VIF in Multicollinearity - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMAp_tP1ZQ0 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMAp_tP1ZQ0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
29. #### Data Leakage - (Est. time - 2 Days) \par
         1. What is Data Leakage? - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://machinelearningmastery.com/data-leakage-machine-learning/ }}{\fldrslt{https://machinelearningmastery.com/data-leakage-machine-learning/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         2. Practical - Data Leakage on Quora Question Pair Dataset - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kaggle.com/sudalairajkumar/simple-leaky-exploration-notebook-quora }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kaggle.com/sudalairajkumar/simple-leaky-exploration-notebook-quora\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         3. Practical - Data Leakage on Credit Card data - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kaggle.com/dansbecker/data-leakage }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kaggle.com/dansbecker/data-leakage\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
30. #### Serving your model(Est. time - 1 Week)\par
         1. Pickling your model - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yY1FXX_GSco }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yY1FXX_GSco\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         2. Flask Tutorial - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swHI1H7DVsQ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swHI1H7DVsQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         3. Streamlit Tutorial - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Klqn--Mu2pE }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Klqn--Mu2pE\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         4. Deploy model on Heroku - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YncZ0WwxyzU }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YncZ0WwxyzU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         5. Deploy model on AWS - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rwNTY5Mn40 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rwNTY5Mn40\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         6. Deploy model to GCP - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw6NMQrYc6w }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw6NMQrYc6w\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         7. Deploy model to Azure - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnbJcbjh-3s }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnbJcbjh-3s\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         8. ML model to Android App - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax3WyB-_LJY }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax3WyB-_LJY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
 6. #### Working with Large Datasets\par
         1. What is Out of core ML? - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9e4nUuq2Hmg }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9e4nUuq2Hmg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         2. Practical implementation of Out of core ML - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRCuvcdvuzk }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRCuvcdvuzk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         3. NYC Cab Dataset Project - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://vaex.io/blog/ml-impossible-train-a-1-billion-sample-model-in-20-minutes-with-vaex-and-scikit-learn-on-your }}{\fldrslt{https://vaex.io/blog/ml-impossible-train-a-1-billion-sample-model-in-20-minutes-with-vaex-and-scikit-learn-on-your\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
 \par
 \par
## 4. Diving into different domains (Est. time 6-8 Weeks)\par
\par
This is the level where you would dive into different domains of Machine Learning. Mastering these will make you a true Data Scientist.\par
\par
1. #### SQL (Est. time - 2 Days)\par
        1. Complete SQL Roadmap - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGBme8dWR_M }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGBme8dWR_M\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. SQL learning resources - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wCALgWubTOvuvlXJ3Eweh7AgJj4sPq2pW92y3viPZbs/edit?usp=sharing }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wCALgWubTOvuvlXJ3Eweh7AgJj4sPq2pW92y3viPZbs/edit?usp=sharing\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        3. The only video you need to see - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nopIGY1zJE0 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nopIGY1zJE0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
3. #### Recommendation Systems\par
        1. Movie Recommendation System - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xtrIEwY_zY }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xtrIEwY_zY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. Book Recommender System - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sf93xpq8vaA }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sf93xpq8vaA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        3. Fashion Recommender System - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xanJe6e8Xuw }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xanJe6e8Xuw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
5. #### Association Rule Learning\par
        1. Association Rule Mining(Apriori Algorithm) - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guVvtZ7ZClw }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guVvtZ7ZClw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. Eclat Algorithm - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBiq8cMkTCU }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBiq8cMkTCU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        3. Market Basket Analysis - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7Xkqqfz1UU }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7Xkqqfz1UU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
7. #### Anamoly Detection\par
        1. Anamoly Detection Lecture from Microsoft Research - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12Xq9OLdQwQ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12Xq9OLdQwQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
        2. Novelty Detection Lecture - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIDcjbpwY3k }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIDcjbpwY3k\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
10. #### NLP\par
         1. Complete NLP Roadmap - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKv_okm1H-k }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKv_okm1H-k\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         2. Complete NLP Playlist - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlUpTlaxAKI&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZo7fp5kkIth6nRTeQQsjfX }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlUpTlaxAKI&list=PLKnIA16_RmvZo7fp5kkIth6nRTeQQsjfX\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         3. NLP Project Ideas - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWJe2T29kAo }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWJe2T29kAo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         4. Email Spam Classifier Project - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YncZ0WwxyzU }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YncZ0WwxyzU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
         5. Building a Chatbot - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nb21OhaW8GY }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nb21OhaW8GY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
9. #### Time Series(Coming Soon)\par
10. #### Computer Vision(Coming Soon)\par
11. #### Fundamentals of Neural Network(Coming Soon)\par
\par
\par
## 5. Pushing it with Projects (Est. time 6-8 Weeks)\par
The objective of this level is to sharpen your knowledge that you have accumulated in the previous 4 levels\par
\par
1. 8 types of Projects for your portfolio - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQHfry4xmdM }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQHfry4xmdM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
2. How to select a project - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kH--k1VKFt4 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kH--k1VKFt4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
3. Car Price Predictor - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRCaMnR_bpA }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRCaMnR_bpA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
4. Banglore House Price Predictor - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVxkI1VmpCk }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVxkI1VmpCk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
5. Posture Detection using ML5.js - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRvIcdLhDtU }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRvIcdLhDtU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
6. Laptop Price Predictor - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgpM2IiCH6k }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgpM2IiCH6k\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
7. Which bollywood celebrity are you? - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X67rclJcIL0 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X67rclJcIL0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
8. Finding similar GOT characters - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygGknomFEWY }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygGknomFEWY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
9. IPL win probability predictor - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygGknomFEWY }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygGknomFEWY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
10. T20 score predictor - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygGknomFEWY }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygGknomFEWY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
11. Titanic Survivor Prediction - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bnp94fpxZjY }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bnp94fpxZjY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
12. Diabetes Prediction using ML - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUE7SjVx9bQ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUE7SjVx9bQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
13. Fake news prediction - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nacLBdyG6jE }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nacLBdyG6jE\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
14. Loan Status Prediction - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XckM1pFgZmg }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XckM1pFgZmg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
15. Gold Price Prediction - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ffkBvh8PTQ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ffkBvh8PTQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
16. Handwriting Classifier - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1B3YIkyPNk0 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1B3YIkyPNk0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
17. Flight Fare Prediction - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4EMEpEnElQ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4EMEpEnElQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
18. Link for 500+ ML+DL projects - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/ashishpatel26/500-AI-Machine-learning-Deep-learning-Computer-vision-NLP-Projects-with-code }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/ashishpatel26/500-AI-Machine-learning-Deep-learning-Computer-vision-NLP-Projects-with-code\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
}
 